Allows the ACK_MODE to be configurable when using Stream Binders (#2103)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gcp: docs/src/main/asciidoc/spring-stream.adoc

==== Consumer Destination Configuration

A `PubSubInboundChannelAdapter` will be configured for your consumer endpoint.

> You may adjust the `ACK_MODE` of the consumer endpoint which controls how messages will be acknowledged when they are successfully received through the `ack-mode` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may adjust the ack mode of the consumer endpoint using the `ack-mode` property.
The ack mode controls how messages will be acknowledged when they are successfully received.
```
